This project mapped synsets from three datasources: Tongyici(an open Chinese thesaurus), Openthesaurus(an open German thesaurus) and a portion of Panlex(a open multilingual dictionary) into Princeton WordNet (PWN).

datasource_tongyici.txt,datasource_openthesaurus.txt,datasource_panlex(part).txt are the documents of source synsets. We gave an Id for each synset of tongyici and openthesaurus to identify it, for panlex, we used meaning id of it to identify each synset.
Each line includes one synset and it's Id.

Example:

1\. Aa01A01= 人 士 人物 人士 人氏 人选  (Tongyici)  
9\. Aa01A09= 该人 此人 (Tongyici)  
1\. Kernspaltung (fachspr., technisch);Atomspaltung;Fission;Kernfission  (Openthesaurus)   
19\. Kulturautonomie;Kulturhoheit  (Openthesaurus)  
33070\. etimologie/afr;etimologija/bos;етимология/bul;etimologia/cat;etymologie/ces;语源/cmn;语源学/cmn;词源/cmn;Etymologie/deu;etümoloogia/ekk;ετυμολογία/ell;etymology/eng;etimologio/epo;etimologia/eus;etymologia/fin;étymologie/fra;אטימולוגיה/heb;etimologija/hrv;etimológia/hun;szófejtés/hun;etymologia/ina;etimologi/ind;orðsifjafræði/isl;orðsifjar/isl;etimologia/ita;語源/jpn;語源学/jpn;어원/kor;어원학/kor;etymologia/lat;etymologie/nld;etimologia/nov;etimologia/oci;ریشهشناسی/pes;etymologia/pol;źródłosłów/pol;etimologia/por;etimologie/ron;этимология/rus;etymológia/slk;etimologija/slv;بُڻڀياسُ/snd;etimología/spa;etimologija/srp;етимологија/srp;etymologi/swe;นิรุกติศาสตร์/tha;etimoloji/tur;kökenbilim/tur;етимологія/ukr;từ nguyên từ nguyên học/vie;etimolodjeye/wln   (Panlex)  

datasource_tongyici.txt is from: https://github.com/taozhijiang/chinese_correct_wsd  
datasource_openthesaurus.txt is from: https://www.openthesaurus.de/about/download  
datasource_panlex(part).txt is from: https://panlex.org/


Tongyici-PWN_top10.txt,Openthesaurus-PWN_top10.txt,Panlex(part)-PWN_top3.txt are the results of mapping. Each line includes the id of synsets and identifiers of it's candidate target synsets of PWN. We gave top 10 candidate synsets for Tongyici and Openthesaurus, and gave top 3 synsets for Panlex.
If the corresponding target synset is not existed in PWN, we annotated "GAP".  

Example:  

1: n#2472293;n#5929008;n#3335600;n#7846;n#10200781;n#6326797;n#13862780;n#10622053;n#9587565;n#4620216 (Tongyici)  

9: GAP  (Tongyici)  

1: n#13481224;n#13481408;n#13504739 (Openthesaurus)  

19: GAP  (Openthesaurus)  

33070: n#6168855;n#6514621;n#6171040; (Panlex)  

The mapping is automatically generated by algorithm.  
Precision of the top 1 synset for Tongyici is 69.67%, for Openthesaurus is 73.95%, for Panlex is 89.75%  
Precision of the GAP annotation for Tongyici is 72.88%, for Openthesaurus is 72.73%







